CockroachDB Cloud Billing with AWS Marketplace (#18690)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/cloud/2024-07-19.md

# July 19, 2024

<h3 id="2024-07-19-general-updates"> General updates </h3>

- CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} is now available as a pay-as-you-go offering on the AWS Marketplace. This allows AWS customers to pay for CockroachDB Cloud charges via their AWS accounts, with no up-front commitments. For more detail, refer to:
  - [CockroachDB (pay-as-you-go)](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-n3xpypxea63du) on AWS Marketplace.

>   - Cockroach Labs' [documentation](../cockroachcloud/billing-management.html?filters=marketplace) about this subscription method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Subscribe through AWS Marketplace]({% link cockroachcloud/billing-management.md %}?filters=marketplace#subscribe-through-aws-marketplace) in the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} documentation.
```
Improving accessibility of the link and avoiding the awkward plural possessive
